hi you guys today I'm going to be
filming this watch is a little but it's
like a swatch / review all kind of the
thing I really wanted to review these
for the longest time these aren't the
wet and wild lipsticks and they look
like this and if you have tried
Wet'n'Wild you notice that they're very
very inexpensive I believe these are
maybe less than three dollars so these
could go up to like 199 the most or even
two dollars but not more than three so I
was actually went to the store about 23
days ago and it wasn't intended to do a
haul video because it was just you know
some of the stuff that i purchased and
it wasn't a lot everything wanted to
purchase of our lipstick
I am trying to do a tutorial and I'm
looking for the perfect red lipstick and
I thought that this would be perfect
this is the wet and wild and this is the
color purdy permissions 970 and I would
think that it was the perfect red I
picked it up and it turned out that it's
not the perfect read that I'm looking
for this is actually kind of like an
orange you want it and I'm going to have
the picture over here up like swatches
and how it looks on the actual lips but
it is that I would think that it was
like the perfect red lip and it's
actually an orange ito so this is not
actually read when you look at this
color don't think that it's going to be
read and I guess it depends on your your
lip skin town but to me in a period for
which it's not ready at all but i'm at
first you're going to feel like they're
very silky that's all of the lipsticks
here I've accumulated about four I think
there's like two more or so this
lipsticks you're going to feel like
they're very silky when you look
they can be a little bit try so it's
important to have like a lip balm before
and before hand you apply these because
you are going to feel like the
application is very smooth but not be
actual when you have it on your and I
feel like it's a little bit too dry so i
would recommend a lip balm before all of
this lipsticks but I mean it's only
about 1 99 two dollars the most you're
not going to pay more than three dollars
for this kind of lipstick and you can
find them at your local drugstores
target I believe walmart carries them
and you know if I find in somewhere else
I'll go ahead and put the link down
below we like a website or something ok
the next I want to talk to you guys
about is 968 tinkerbell now this one
right here I picked it up because I
wanted that pink lip of a not a fool
slip
kind of like a neutral but still pink
you know what I mean so I picked this
one up and I actually have picked this
one I actually only pick up once that
time fee now this lipstick right here
it's not a bright pink but it's not a
new colors so this color is like in
between the hot pink and the light pink
this is how it looks like i said the
application is very very smooth just
that you do have to apply a lip balm
beforehand like i said but for this
color I think it's a pretty good color
because it's not going to be your gold
pink lip it's going to be like a tone
down pink so if you like like a rosy
pink and you can target out with your
favorite lip gloss all the time
one is the mega shine
the color sugar pie so I top it out with
that and it kind of makes the
no more settle down people okay guys
next time one talk to you guys a lot is
first lipstick I never purchased from
wet and wild line they do have another
wet and wild packaging but I just I
don't know I've not really
colors have actually never picked them
up it just doesn't look appealing to me
so I decided to pick this other one of
this is actually my first when I believe
I've hauled it
this one right here is I
and it's a new color it's a neutral
color but I gave a hint of pink it's
super super pretty but you're going to
see that it's those kind of look up kind
of like a neutral pain so like I said
this one is like
color and then this one goes after that
you know like the shade but I do have a
swatch and
this is in the color 901 be you can one
tree and I don't know I really really
feel like this one is very versatile
because you can wear with like smokey
eye very neutral I you know this is a
very versatile coach so that means you
can usually pretty much and it will
okay the next one that I want to talk to
you guys a lot and the other one that
are purchased at target that's fine
this is the 967 dollhouse peek I've been
waiting this color for the long is it's
justin so hard to find it because
everybody wants it this is like the
perfect Barbie pink lipstick that you
could
it's a really hot fuchsia you know
bright barbie pink slip this is the
perfect one in
three dollars with it's worth the try I
really really like this
like this one's going to give you like
when you have like a neutral eye or a
bold lip because you don't want you know
too much going on the top and the bottom
so this could be like the colors i can
make it pop and i actually will have a
tutorial featuring this one right here
actually just got done filming it so i
will link it right here or over here
wherever it goes but yeah this is like
the perfect riv people with i believe it
even compared it to one of human objects
or something like that but I also found
a very very good websites or Pinterest
so it's actually a website where you put
it in I'm gonna leave it a link down
below but you're going to put in like
you know like the lips like the colors
that you're going for and you know it's
going to give you like a dupe so you
don't have to go out and buy you know
subversion of it so it's a really good
website on a trip in trouble yeah I
don't want to do review these for long
and have a decimal for a while and I
really really like to pay off so i am
going to be restocking on definitely
one right here the 901 because diseases
in my tourists like all the time and
definitely going to restock on the dogs
thank you guys that's a beautiful bright
pink party left you know I hope you guys
enjoy this review I hope it was very
helpful for you guys you know if you
have any further questions or comments
regards on the lipsticks
he make sure to comment down below
we knew about it okay hi guys